Add docs to a separate PR for review (#5153)
ROCm/rocm-libraries: projects/hipdnn/docs/reference/how-to-users.rst

.. meta::
  :description: 
  :keywords: hipDNN, ROCm, coding, naming

.. _how-to-users:

******************
hipDNN user guides
******************

These guides demonstrate how to use hipDNN's standard frontend functionality. 

.. important::

  These instructions are appropriate for general-purpose users who may be new to hipDNN. 

>   If you're experienced with hipDNN, and want to develop plugins for the platform, see :ref:`how-to-plugin`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  These instructions are appropriate for incorporating hipDNN into applications using the hipDNN frontend API and SDKs. If you are developing plugins to provide new engines or optimize performance, see :ref:`how-to-plugin`.
```

Author: done
